Dhanush Umuchagi

Bengaluru, India 560030
7019503085
dhanushumuchagi007@gmail.com

Professional Summary

Friendly Customer Team Member with experience in retail and service environments. Takes instruction well and proactively responds to varying demands. Skilled in upselling for increased average transaction values. Dedicated Customer Support Advisor with experience in achieving tangible results and cross-team collaboration. Proactive and excited to partner with like-minded individuals to achieve goals.
Responsible Customer Support Advisor, passionate about delivering outstanding quality and service. Offering 2 years 6 months of experience in industry with history of recognition for performance.

Experience

May 2022 - November 2022
First Advantage - Banglore, India
Talent acquisition solutions provider

Worked for First Advantage from 18, 2022 FIRST ADVANTAGE is a talent acquisition solutions provider, oﬀers companies around the globe solutions to improve their decision by conducting a brief background veriﬁcations done by the FIRST ADVATNTAGE.
We conduct veriﬁcations once we receive Employment, Education and
Credentials(professional course) details for various countries (Hong kong,Singapore,Malaysia,Mynmar,India)
We obtain veriﬁcations via call,email,Fax and post as well each day we work on more than 35 to 40 candidates history and obtain veriﬁcation
We successfully obtain veriﬁcation each day minimum of 25 to 30 candidates
Tools we use Advanced Excel, MS Word, Out Look,Teams for interacting with the team players
Prepared reports for hearings and decision-making processes, verifying accurate, current information.

February 2020 - May 2021
Invensis outsourcing cpmpany - Banglore, India
Customer Support Executive

Tools we use Advanced Excel, MS Word, Out Look,Teams for interacting with the team players
QA for catalogue management and Webscoring for E-Commerce websites
Invensis outsourcing company
Assessed unresolved and escalated phone and email complaints, delivering swift resolution for optimised customer satisfaction ratings.
Determined department KPIs, motivating and incentivising staff to consistently achieve against targets.
Maintained excellent customer satisfaction by offering friendly, helpful and informative customer service.

February 2023 - October 2023
Accenture - banglore, india
Customer Service Representative

Guaranteed first-class customer service, enthusiastically anticipating and catering to customer needs and requirements.
Addressed customer service enquires quickly and accurately.
Built rapport with customers through courteous and professional communications.
Monitored customer surveys and feedback to develop corrective actions for service-related issues.
Implemented continual improvement strategies, effectively maintaining first-class customer service and faultless brand reputation.
Motivated and mentored high-performing service teams to consistently provide excellent customer care.
Identified customer needs by listening attentively and connecting to relevant departments or personnel.
Made recommendations to management on ways to improve customer care and service.

Core Qualifications

Customer satisfaction focused
Email support
Live chat support
High-volume call handling
Case investigating

Complaint management
Payment processing
Deadline-orientated
Account management
Skilled multitasker

Education

2021
Rajiv Gandhi University Bengaluru, KA
Bachelor of Business Administration

2017
Rural Institute Chandigarh, CH
Higher Secondary School Business

2016
Vijaya high school Bengaluru, KA
SSLC

Accomplishments

ACHIEVEMENTS

Neymar JR5s
Represented Bangalore in football for the year of 2020 and 2021
Played for super division club in 2020 Team Name
I am an E-Commerce graduate with an Honors degree from Bangalore, I am currently looking to secure a job which utilize my strong analytical skills and out of box ideas.

Languages

English
Kannada
Hindi
Tamil
Telugu

Hobbies

Football
Trekking
Bike Rides
Traveling